c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\demoBand.xr.xml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\demoBand.exe
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\demoBand.pdb
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\demoBand.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\demoBand.exe
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\demoBand.pdb
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Parse.dll
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Parse.WinRT.dll
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Parse.xml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Parse.WinRT.xml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\demoBand.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Register\Registration.g.i.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Register\Registration.g.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Register\Registration.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Register\Registration.xaml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Register\Registration.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\HomePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\HomePage.g.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\HomePage.xaml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\HomePage.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Gui\HomePage.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Gui\SongPage.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\SongPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\SongPage.g.cs
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\SongPage.xaml
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\SongPage.xbf
c:\users\nikolar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\demoBand.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Gui\HomePage.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Gui\SongPage.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Register\Registration.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\demoBand.xr.xml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\demoBand.exe
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\demoBand.pdb
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\demoBand.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Parse.dll
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Parse.WinRT.dll
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Parse.xml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\bin\Debug\Parse.WinRT.xml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\demoBand.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\HomePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\HomePage.g.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\SongPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\SongPage.g.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Register\Registration.g.i.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Register\Registration.g.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\HomePage.xaml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\SongPage.xaml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Register\Registration.xaml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\HomePage.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Gui\SongPage.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\Register\Registration.xbf
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\demoBand.exe
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\demoBand.pdb
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\demoBand.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\NikolaR\git\demoBand\demoBand\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
